 # Game_Zoned

## Introduction

Game_Zoned is a new open-source game development framework that makes it easy to create 2D and 3D games. It is designed to be easy to use, even for beginners, and it comes with a wide range of features that make it a powerful tool for game development.

## Features

Some of the features of Game_Zoned include:

* A powerful entity-component-system (ECS) that makes it easy to create and manage game objects.
* A built-in physics engine that supports both 2D and 3D physics.
* A rendering engine that supports both 2D and 3D graphics.
* A networking engine that makes it easy to create multiplayer games.
* A scripting language that makes it easy to add custom logic to your games.

## Getting Started

To get started with Game_Zoned, you will need to install the following software:

* The Game_Zoned SDK
* A C++ compiler
* A text editor

Once you have installed the required software, you can create a new Game_Zoned project by running the following command:

```
game_zoned new my_project
```

This will create a new directory called `my_project` that contains the following files:

* `main.cpp`: The main source file for your game.
* `CMakeLists.txt`: The CMake build file for your game.
* `.gitignore`: A file that tells Git which files to ignore.

## Writing Your First Game

To write your first game, you will need to open the `main.cpp` file and add the following code:

```c++
#include <game_zoned.h>

int main() {
  // Create a new game window.
  GameWindow window("My Game", 800, 600);

  // Create a new game scene.
  GameScene scene;

  // Add a new game object to the scene.
  GameObject object;
  object.AddComponent<TransformComponent>();
  object.AddComponent<SpriteComponent>();
  scene.AddObject(object);

  // Start the game loop.
  while (window.IsOpen()) {
    // Update the game state.
    scene.Update();

    // Render the game scene.
    window.Render(scene);
  }

  return 0

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.useblackbox.ai)